1) Configure the OCP cluster for new environment - provide access, work on storage configuration, Operator catalog, secret configuration, etc
2) Manage OCP clusters - deployment, maintenance, updates of  products on multiple clusters. Operator deployments are automated, but during development/testing phases or dealing with new teams, such support is still required.
3) Managing Jenkins CI/CD Jobs.
4) Handling OCP version upgrades, re-installations, OCP support.
5) Handling queries from multiple teams (Dev/Testing/Support/Sales teams) who are new to OCP environments.
6) Troubleshooting environment issues.
7) Education/Training multiple teams for deployment and management of clusters.
8) OCP cluster health checks.
9) ansible/shell



in ansible how u can execute  playbooks parallel?
hosts: mongodb:memcache
  gather_facts: no
  strategy: free
  tasks:
    - include: memcache.yml
      when:  "'memcache' in group_names"
	  
	  
how u can start a service after restart?/ if I rum systemctl enable docker what it will do
	  
	  
How can you find the status of a process? : ps ux
How can you check the memory status
have u worked on disk partion?
what is lvm?why do we use it?: logical partitoning
how many partitions we can do for disk?: 4
parted and fdisk?
root user value in binary?


i have one instace with some configuration now u need to use same instance in different region.

kubeadm to upgrade kubernetes clusterdifference btwn kubeadm and kubectl

drain and cordon?  drain me scheduling disabled and evect pod but in cordon only scheduling is disabled

uncordon


in case if an alert is firing for an node by grafana and whatwever deployment on that node is failing then what will be ur steps to debug that?

sequence to update the nodes? without downtime

can upadte be possible from 1.7 to 1.9? no

if i run kind as deployment what kubernetes objects are cretaed?

if i want to start one serveice supose db service before my app service runiing in same pod ..how to do that?

difference btween init and side containers?


difference btween ingress & route?

can we make master to run as worker  node?


 
